{"@type":"Product","brand":"Picflow","name":"HEIC to JPG Converter — Convert HEIC to JPG Online for Free","description":"Fast and easy-to-use HEIC to JPG. Convert your HEIC images to JPG online. 100% free and no account required.","category":"Productivity","creator":{"@id":"https://www.picflow.com"},"aggregateRating":{"@type":"AggregateRating","ratingCount":"694","bestRating":"5","ratingValue":"4.92","worstRating":"0"},"faq":{"@type":"FAQPage","mainEntity":[{"@type":"Question","name":"What is a HEIC?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"High Efficiency Image ContainerHEIC is the file extension that Apple uses for the High Efficiency Image Format (HEIF). It is known for its advanced compression, offering high-quality images at half the file size of JPEG. Developed by the MPEG group, HEIC supports 16-bit color, improving color representation and detail. It also allows the storage of multiple images in one file, making it ideal for sequences and bursts. HEIC is becoming increasingly popular due to its efficiency, quality and its usage in iPhones."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"What is a JPG?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Joint Photographic Experts GroupJPG, or JPEG, is one of the most popular image formats, known for its efficient compression algorithms. It reduces file size by discarding some image information, balancing quality and storage efficiency. JPG is widely used in digital photography, web images, and printing, offering a good compromise between image quality and file size. Its universal compatibility, ease of use, and internet-friendly nature make it a staple in image storage and sharing."}},{"@type":"Question","name":"How to Batch-Convert HEIC to JPG?","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Converting multiple HEIC to JPG images has never been easier. Our advanced online converter is designed to handle batch conversions with precision, ensuring that you retain the quality while changing the format. Whether you’re looking to convert HEIC to PNG, HEIC to TIFF, or any other HEIC conversions, our tool is your one-stop solution. Upload your images, select the desired output format, and let our converter work its magic. In no time, you’ll have your images converted to the preferred format, ready to be used for any application or project. You can then download your new image files in a ZIP folder."}}]},"offers":{"@type":"Offer","price":0,"priceCurrency":"USD","availability":"https://schema.org/OnlineOnly"},"image":["https://picflow.com/assets/picflow-logo-400.png"],"@context":"https://schema.org/"}